[Emily] Previously on
Make It or Break It:
You're banging your secretary?
[man] It's Emily Kmetko,
the scholarship kid.
Mystery woman over here.
What go you got?
Some big, old secret life?
- No. But, I keep myself busy.
- You don't wrap your hands?
When I'm flying through the air,
everything else in my life
completely disappears.
I spend every waking minute...
...thinking of ways
that we can be together.
So far, no one knows
that Marty's been lost.
Houston knows.
They want Payson.
We've been friends
for 10 years.
Why didn't you tell me
about you and Carter?
Because, it's not true.
[rock music playing]
* She's such a
small town girl *
* Starting to see the light
* She's coming up for air
* These things are never
Easy to figure out *
* Winning is all you've got
* Sometimes you
just can't hide *
[Alex] Kaylie.
You want to stop dragging your
butt and get over here!
I need to chalk up, Dad.
* She's gonna
break his heart *
* She's gonna rescue me
* She's gonna save my heart
* She'd known him forever
* And she loved him too
* But I guess
we all get older *
* Sometimes you just
Do what you gotta do *
[Carter] T-minus-five means my
truck in five minutes, remember?
Sorry, somebody beat me
to the chalk box.
- I was freezing out there.
- Yeah, well...
Guess we have to find
a better means of communication
than a communal bucket of chalk.
Gotta go.
* She's gonna set him free
* She's gonna break his heart
* She's gonna save my heart *
[Alex] Kaylie.
We have got to get more height
on that Shushunova.
- Yep.
- Keep those legs straight.
OK.
I thought Bela Karolyi
was a slave driver.
I swear if my father doesn't
find a real coach soon
I'm gonna join the carnival.
We're gonna need work permits,
tattoos and gypsy names.
OK, no one is joining
the carnival.
Easy for you to say. You've
have gyms begging for you.
Yeah, but it's not
like I want to go.
I know. I just...
I don't think I can do this
alone if you end up in Houston.
Sure you can.
So, what happens if
we don't have a coach?
Can we not go to Nationals?
Without a star coach...
...you just won't
be seen the same way.
[Alex] Kaylie! It's not
called practice for nothing.
- Let's see your beam.
- I swear, I'm going to lose it.
Coming.
[Steve]
Excuse me! Mr. Belov?
Mr. Belov?
Steve Tanner.
I'm sorry for just
showing up like this.
But, I've tried
to contact you and...
The reason I didn't return your
call is I have no interest
in your offer.
Look, it's been five years...
...since you dropped out.
You're fading into obscurity.
For a man of your talents,
that's gotta be hard to watch.
Not if you don't watch.
You expect me to believe the
coach who reinvented the sport
- doesn't even watch it anymore?
- I don't know you, Mr. Tanner,
so I don't expect you
to believe anything.
The truth is, I have no
interest in gymnastics.
I haven't for many years.
That's that.
You assembled what is perhaps
the greatest team in the history
of the sport.
I think you can do it again.
And I'm prepared to offer you
whatever money it takes to make
that happen.
You think I left England
to compete in Romania
because I want money?
Who do I look like,
David Beckham?
Yes, actually,
you kinda do.
I'm sorry you wasted
your time, Tanner.
All right.
Tell your daughter Lauren
she's piking her layouts.
It's costing her at least
a tenth of a point.
I thought you stopped
watching gymnastics?
You don't fish, do you, Tanner?
- Uh, no, I...
- It wasn't a question.
See, fishing is all about
finding the right lure.
And that club team you had
back at The Rock...
That was the best
I've seen in a decade.
And then you took your daughter
and my old friend Marty Walsh
to Denver.
[Steve] Look. That's...
That's just it, I can get rid
of Marty in Denver and...
I'm not interested in Denver.
If The Rock was
still together,
we might have had
something to talk about.
You see, Tanner,
when you broke
those girls up...
...you lost your lure.
[Sasha] Excuse me.
Drive, Kaylie.
Kaylie, push through.
Oh, you've got to throw your
head back on that ring leap!
Don't forget to smile!
I gotta see teeth!
I can't focus
with you yelling at me.
And this is not
a toothpaste commercial!
[Steve] Gee, I hope, uh...
...hope we haven't
come at a bad time?
[Alex] What the hell
are you doing here?
[Steve] Now don't be that way.
I come bearing gifts.
Yeah, well you can get back on
the Trojan Horse you rode in on.
Because we don't need
anything from you.
[Steve] Ah, but you do my
friend. You need a coach.
And I just happen to have
the best in the business.
[Kaylie] No way we're
letting Lauren back.
If someone doesn't hold me
back, she's gonna get my heel
up her bleach blonde head.
I'm not holding you back.
There's no way we take
you or Marty back.
Who said anything about Marty?
Oh, my God.
Is that...?
Sasha Belov.
[Alex] You think you
can waltz back in here
like nothing happened just
because you have Sasha Belov?
Ah, yeah, Alex.
I'm offering you a world
class coach, people.
You should be
kissing my... feet.
It'll be a cold day in hell
before I kiss anything of yours.
Now you're just
hurting my feelings.
Come on gentlemen,
this isn't productive.
What happened to Marty
and Denver?
Look, Lauren misses her
friends here at The Rock.
These girls should
be together...
It's Sasha Belov.
What is there to discuss?
This is awesome.
Not if Lauren 's
part of the package.
- Who cares? It's Sasha Belov!
- I care.
Whatever happened to your
foot upside her head?
Kaylie!
It's Sasha Belov!
[Alex] How do we know
the next time your
daughter stomps her feet
that you won't leave and
take this coach with you?
So, that's what it was about?
My daughter throwing a tantrum?
[Alex] That's exactly
what it was about.
No, no, no.
We built this together...
[Alex and Steve arguing]
[Alex] We're trying
to get to the Olympics
and you took our coach and left!
[Lauren] Hey Chelsea.
I love your new bangs.
They're major.
Thanks, just
got 'em yesterday.
You're looking good Carter.
Ah. Thanks.
Where's he going?
Wait. Payson.
They'll be back.
Mr. Belov?
Mr. Belov? Wait.
Where are you going?
- Home. To Cambria.
- Why?
Because your parents seem
to think they're the ones
doing me a favor.
Please, let us talk to them.
You can't leave.
You're Payson Keeler.
You... You know who I am?
Wait, wait.
We need you here.
You think you can get the
grown-ups to stop behaving
like children?
[Alex] No parents on the floor?
That's a new one.
Well, can you blame him?
[Steve] Look...
We all want the same thing.
For our girls
to kill at Nationals
and make the Olympic Team.
Sasha's the coach
who'll get them there.
So in the meantime...
Can't we all
just get along?
- Does the man speak?
- Shhh.
You are all very special.
You've chosen to do something
few people are capable of.
Look at each other.
Go on, look.
[Sasha] No one but your peers
can understand what it takes
to be the best gymnasts
in the world.
No one.
Which is why you
need each other.
But mostly...
...you need me.
I have a few simple rules.
Work as hard as I do.
Care as much as I do.
Sacrifice as much as I do.
You will live, breathe, eat,
sleep, bleed gymnastics.
And nothing else.
We have only 49 days
until Nationals.
And you will spend every waking
moment of it in this gym.
Together.
Go home and say goodbye
to your lives as you know it.
And any one of you not willing
to sacrifice your blood,
sweat and tears
to achieve excellence...
...shouldn't bother
to come back.
We begin Monday morning,
five AM.
That's all.
- Five AM?
- He's right.
We only have 49 days
until Nationals.
And he expects us to spend
every waking minute here?
Where else? He is the coach
that can make us great.
Yeah, Payson.
If he doesn't kill us first.
I need a Spruce Juice fix.
- Who's up for a Spruce Juice?
- I'm in.
That's our place.
She used to be
a part of... "our."
Hey, Em.
Payson and I are going
to Spruce Juice. You in?
- Uh...
- My treat.
Sure, Kay. I'd love to go.
Lauren's daddy may have bought
her way back into The Rock,
but she's not buying her way
back into our group.
Oh, you don't have
to buy me my drink.
I know you just invited
me to piss Lauren off.
- [both] No.
- [Payson] We didn't.
It's fine.
I'm happy to be of service.
[Payson] Can't get over
how amazing this is.
I know, she's got a lot of
nerve following us around.
No. I was talking
about Sasha Belov!
- Oh.
- We just went
from having no coach to having
the best coach in the world.
Who hasn't coached
in five years.
And who wants us to eat,
sleep and bleed gymnastics.
- This is gonna be...
- Awesome.
[Chelsea]
Happy birthday, Lauren.
[giggles] Thank you.
Oh, that's right.
Today's Lauren's birthday.
[Lauren] My dad's taking
me to Le Privilege tonight.
That little French place
in the foothills? Swanky.
We always do something special.
Just the two of us.
I feel sort of bad.
We used to celebrate all of our
birthdays together.
Whatever. Don't feel bad.
It's not our fault that
she's not our friend anymore.
As if uber-coach wasn't
stressful enough,
now we gotta train with
the bitch of the beam.
It sounds like Sasha's gonna
be on us like bad spray tan.
I'm already maxed out in
the pressure department.
- I need a vacation.
- [man] Check it out.
Here you go, lovelies.
You are cordially invited.
- We're not interested.
- Who says?
Blast off? What's that?
[man] Only the biggest
kegger of the year.
Music, bands and all the beer
you can drink.
It's gonna be dope!
Sounds awesome. Thanks.
Let's go.
We just ordered.
To the kegger, Payson.
No. No. We cannot go
to a kegger.
Why not?
It's Saturday night.
Our lives aren't over
until Monday.
Come on. Let's go do
something fun for once!
What's fun about a party?
Oh, my God. I cannot believe
you just said that.
[chuckles]
Have you ever even been
to a high school party?
- No.
- Have you?
Um, yeah, a few.
- What's it like?
- Well...
Music, dancing...
They can be a lot of fun.
- Oh.
- And they can be stupid.
We could definitely
use some fun.
That's exactly
what we don't need.
What if we got caught?
By who?
By our new coach.
- And how would he find out?
- Thank you.
I'm just so sick of jumping
through hoops I can scream.
Don't you wonder what it would
be like to go to a big party?
Yeah and I'm happy to keep
waiting until I'm at
the Olympic Village.
[Kaylie] No, Payson.
This is our last chance
to do something like this.
- Forget it.
- Fine.
I'll go by myself.
Or...
Emily, we can go together.
I mean, since you have
experience and all.
Come on, lets blow it out
before our lives are over.
OK, yeah. I'll go.
I haven't checked out
the scene in Boulder.
Yes! This is gonna
be off the chain!
OK, I'll go. But just to
keep the two of you guys
out of trouble.
[Kaylie] This is gonna be so
awesome! We're gonna party
like Rock stars.
Do you get it?
The Rock...
- Stars...
- Yeah, we get it.
[Kaylie] Woo-hoo! Woo!
- Hey.
- I'm totally screwed.
Fine thanks, how was your day?
What?
Oh, you go.
Well, the good news
is we have a new coach.
And not just any coach.
The coach. Sasha Belov.
Wow. And the bad news?
He wants us to train
seven days and nights week.
- How am I gonna work?
- Well...
...at least Ronnie Cruz
got Mom a job.
Yeah. For as long as it lasts.
- Yeah.
- What are you doing?
Well, I'd like to say
surfing the web
but I think someone
forgot to pay the phone bill.
What?
Merry Christmas! Ho, ho, ho!
It's June.
Well, it's
better late than never!
- You went shopping?
- Not just for myself.
For you. Voilà.
Oh yeah!
* It's getting hot in here *
Whoo! And for you
my little star gazer...
October Sky!
Your favorite movie!
No, no, no. You need to
take all of this stuff back.
Why?
Because we can't even
pay the phone bill!
And you've been working
for exactly one day.
Somebody needs to be
responsible around here.
[door closes]
[Mark] Sasha Belov
is an egomaniac.
Aren't they all?
It says:
"As a gymnast he won,
in '96, the Gold."
Guess who he beat that year?
The great Marty Walsh?
- Bingo.
- Wow.
But apparently he was
an even better coach.
Until he dropped out
for reasons unknown.
They say he's the James Bond
version of Bela Karolyi .
I'll never forget Karolyi
yelling at Kerri Strug:
"You can do it!"
When she had a broken ankle.
Or James Bond skiing off the
cliff in The Spy Who Loved Me.
I don't want that
to be our little girl.
She's not all that little.
Do you ever just wish
she was a normal teenager?
I'm just going to be up front.
I'm going to a high
school party tonight.
Kaylie's driving and I'm not
drinking. But if she does...
...I'll make sure I get
a designated driver to
bring us home.
So...
...can I go?
- Yes.
But be home by...
- Eleven.
- Thirty.
If you need us to come
get you just call...
- I know the drill, dad.
- All right. Well, have fun.
I doubt it.
She's going to a party.
Look at us. We're almost normal.
- Hello.
- Yeah!
- Ow! Shhh.
- Shhh.
[knocking]
I need refuge. My room's too
close to the living room and
Dad's yelling at old footage
of himself playing baseball.
OK, just, Close the door.
OK. I have something to ask you
but you gotta promise
not to say anything.
How can I answer your question
if I promise not to say
anything?
Ha, ha.
You know what I mean.
[Kaylie] All right...
Is this the right outfit
to wear to a kegger?
You're going to Blast Off?
You know about Blast Off?
It was a big deal
even way back in my day.
Sweet.
All right. What do you think?
You look fine.
Listen, I'm serious.
Boys are after four things,
at a kegger:
Brew and booty.
Then more booty
and even more brew.
And you deserve
better than that.
Leo.
I'm a world class athlete,
I think I can handle
a few drunken boys.
[sighs]
[cell phone rings]
Did you tell lover boy
you're going to a kegger?
[sighs] I don't want
to hurt his feelings.
And I just need a night
of no pressure. So...
- He's pressuring you?
- No. No. Of course not.
He's super supportive
and totally understands
I'm not ready to have sex.
Too much information?
It's cool. Just because
I'm your brother doesn't mean
we can't talk about...
...these things.
However, if he lays a hand
on you before you're ready,
- I'll rip his heart out.
- Wow.
Where's Mom?
She went to take her stuff back.
We have to be able to
pay the bills, Brian.
Yeah, I know. It's OK.
Why didn't she take
your movie back?
She said it's been a long time
since she's had a decent job
and she just wants to be able
to buy her kids something
special every now and then.
- Hey.
- The phone's back on.
Yeah, I know.
I paid the bill. In cash.
Wow. Yay, Mom.
Did your sister get back, yet?
Yeah, she's been in the
bathroom for like, hours.
- Honey, is everything OK?
- [Emily] Just a minute.
Oh, my God.
Did you get your period?
Mom, gymnasts don't get their
periods. Not enough body fat.
But you never know.
She's a young woman.
Honey?
You look hot!
Smokin' hot!
- I'm going to a party.
- In the dress I bought you?
Honey, give me a hug.
I don't want you to feel
guilty about this dress, OK?
You were right.
I took back everything
that I bought myself
and I paid the phone bill.
That's great, Mom.
Good for you.
We're not gonna worry
about money anymore.
This job is really
going to work out.
OK?
Can I please...
...put some lip gloss on you?
- OK.
- OK. OK. Hang on.
Ready?
Good job.
You look beautiful.
She's a chip off the old block.
What do you think, Brian?
You two could be sisters.
You know, that's what they say,
"Hey, is that your sister?"
[chuckling]
Now, I need to give you some
earrings. Hang on. OK?
You just made her life.
[rock music]
OK, you look amazing.
It's my mom's.
She made me wear it.
At least you had something
other than a Rock sweatshirt.
So what do we do now,
just stand here?
[Kaylie] Uh...
We get beer.
- Right?
- Yeah.
I'm not drinking.
I think we're aware of
that, Payson. Thanks.
Where's the keg?
Probably at the end of that line
of people holding empty cups.
No, I did not come
here to wait in line.
Do you think there's
more than one keg?
[Emily] Why don't you
guys look over there.
- I'll wait in line here.
- Yeah. OK.
Wait. Do you think it's
a good idea to split up?
Don't worry, if you're
not back in ten minutes
I'll call the National Guard.
[Lauren] Daddy, this is perfect.
This is one of the best
traditions we have.
I love my birthday dinner.
Oh, you can take away
this third place setting.
It's just gonna be
the two of us.
Actually, I invited
Summer to join us.
- What?
- Honey, it's your birthday.
You don't want to celebrate
with just your boring old dad.
Besides, I'd really like
you to get to know Summer.
What's to know?
She's your secretary.
And she's practically my age.
It's not like you're
going to marry her.
- You're not going to marry her.
- No.
I mean, we don't know
where it's going
but she's a wonderful woman
and I enjoy her company.
Look...
I would really appreciate it
if you gave her a chance.
Daddy, I don't believe you.
She totally has you fooled.
What makes her different
than all the other women
you've blown through?
She's just different.
For one thing, she's smart.
For another, her faith
is really important to her.
Are you falling for that?
How much of a Christian
could she be?
I mean, Please. The woman
wears Dolce & Gabbana.
And there she is. Be nice.
Hi, honey. Thanks for coming.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
[rock music]
Do I look like a freak?
Uh...
Never mind.
[man] Jasper!
Razor. Dude!
Emily?
Razor! What are you doing here?
Um, same as you.
Just kickin' it, you know.
Jasper.
This is Emily.
This is my friend Jasper.
Oh, so this is your
Pizza Shack girl?
Ah... Not so much
friend as bandmate.
- Bandmate?
- [man] Were you...
...expecting the Jonas Brothers?
Come on, who named the band?.
- Brian or Mick?
- I have no idea.
Those guys are like skeletons.
I would like to introduce
you to somebody...
- C'mon. Who named the band?
- I have no clue.
Well then, cough it up.
All right. Fine.
Thank you.
Are you cold or something?
[Jasper] She thinks
she looks like a freak.
You look great.
[man] Yeah, really great.
Exceptionally great.
[Emily] OK...
Now I really do
feel like a freak.
Don't listen to him.
He really is a freak.
I'm not the one who couldn't
answer a simple trivia question.
Damon, this is Emily Kmetko.
That makes sense.
[giggling]
What?
Nothing.
Come on. This is where we
leave Razor to work his
awkward but ever so
charming magic on Emily.
Emily, nice meeting you.
Cheers, boys.
Hey, wait. 1962.
Brian Jones named the band
after the Muddy Waters song,
"Rolling Stone".
Ironic cause he named the band
and taught Mick
how to play harmonica,
but they had to kick him
out cause he was such an
arrogant ass.
We have one of those too.
I believe this
belongs to you.
[Razor] Wait. Wait.
Wait. How could you
possibly know that?
My mom has a thing
for musicians.
Who have things for
rock 'n roll trivia,
and they share it generously.
Well... Like mother like
daughter, hopefully, right?
- Just as friends.
- Yeah.
So, are you here with somebody?
Yeah.
Where is he?
No. I'm here
with some girls.
Oh. Nice.
Look, I know this sounds
kind of weird, but...
They don't know I work
at the Shack, so...
Yeah, I got you.
You don't want them to know
you work in a place that
smells like pepperoni?
No! That's not it. Not at all.
Oh.
You don't want
them catching you
slummin' with some guy who
smells like pepperoni, huh?
- Not at all.
- No, no...
It's all good. I'm cool.
Don't worry about it, Emily.
I'll catch you later.
Wait!
You don't get it.
Happy birthday, Lauren.
[sighs] It's beautiful.
It really is, Steven.
Your father has such good taste.
He bought me this
for my birthday.
There you go.
You really like it?
I love it. Thank you, Daddy.
Dad buys me a new charm
for my birthday every year.
- Isn't that great?
- It is.
You know, it's actually
appropriate that Summer is here.
The whole charm bracelet idea
was hers in the first place.
Talk about great taste.
She picked out all those charms.
I'll be right back.
I only helped him
pick them out really.
He just needed a little feminine
guidance. You know how men are.
So, let me get this straight.
For the past few years,
all the special gifts
my father has given me
have actually come from you?
Well, he paid for them.
Money's easy for my dad.
He's rich.
But I don't have
to tell you that.
I am not interested
in your father's money.
Please. You can wear that
platinum goody-girl cross
around your neck
but you're not fooling me.
You have ambition
written all over you.
You know what? I feel
more like the third wheel
than the birthday girl.
I'm taking Dad's car.
- I'm sure you'll get him home.
- Lauren!
Hey, you want to get lucky?
Give this to your girlfriend.
[clanking]
Where's Lauren?
[rock music]
All right! Ah!
Hey!
What up my peeps?
How many beers have you had?
That depends on who's asking.
My friend Payson
or my mother.
I really think we should go.
No way, I heard there's a band.
[Razor] Hey, we're
the Shelter Pups!
And this first song
is for all the girls who
like to keep you guessing.
Your secrets are safe with me.
That's right, Kmetko,
he's talking to you.
- You know the band?
- Um... yeah.
Are they any good?
I hope so.
One, two, three, four!
[playing rock music]
[cheering]
Ow!
* There's sure to be two people
More cooler than you or me *
* But I'm too inclined
to think so *
* There comes a time
When every man needs to
Step up and fight *
* At least it says that
On my tattoo *
* It's the last summer
* So get out while you can,
piranha *
* You're swimming alone, oh
* You're driving me home
So, how well do you
know these guys?
What? Oh, not that well.
* You don't know
* We are the guys
Who stand behind the guys *
* Who stand behind you
At shows *
Where's Kaylie?
I don't know.
* To make,
Make appropriate exits *
* I don't wanna be lonely
* Like the people
I have sex with *
* Accept this
* It's the last summer
* So get out while you can,
piranha *
* You're swimming alone, oh
* You're driving me home
[crowd chanting]
Kaylie! Kaylie! Kaylie!
Kaylie! Kaylie!
What the hell?
Ooh, are you the boyfriend?
Good question. What am I?
- Of course you're my boyfriend.
- When it's convenient.
Do you know how many hoops I
jump through just to get ten
minutes alone with you?
Get lost!
- I'm sorry, I just...
- You lied to me!
You said you couldn't come out
then I find you at a kegger,
partying with other guys?
OK, first of all
I wasn't with those guys.
I came with Payson and Emily.
And I just...
I needed to have
some fun for a change!
Oh, I didn't know that being
with me was such a drag.
Carter, please. I'm just
tired of all this pressure!
I'm tired too. I'm tired of
our whole relationship being
on your terms.
On my terms?
My whole life is on your terms,
or my father's terms,
or that stupid coach's terms.
Maybe I just needed
my space for once!
You want space?
Take all you need.
In fact, maybe we should
just cool it for a while?
- Fine.
[mellow rock playing]
* To fade away
* Without a fight
* But two can play
* 'Cause I can tell
* A thing or two
* I implore you
* 'Cause you're prone
To hide it *
- Her boyfriend?
- No.
It's, uh,
her friend's brother I think.
Really?
In his sixty thousand
dollar car?
Bet she'd like him
to be her boyfriend.
No, man.
She's not like that.
- She's a cool girl.
- And so hot.
And off limits. All right?
I hear you, dude. No worries.
Seriously.
All right, look.
I got this roadie gig,
I'm gonna be gone
for a few weeks.
Do you mind covering
for me at the Shack?
Yeah, no worries.
Do me a favor.
Watch out for her
while I'm out.
Yes, sir.
Seriously.
Believe me, I knew you
were serious when you said:
"This is Emily Kmetko."
Yeah.
[Kaylie] I don't feel so good.
Do not toss your cookies
in my car.
And do not toss them on me!
- What were you thinking?
- Don't...
Don't lecture me.
You're training for
the Olympics!
La, la, la, la, la...
So how many beers
did she have?
I don't know.
However many it takes for
a 90 pound girl to get drunk.
So, one?
- Definitely, at least two.
- Maybe even three.
Oh man, she is gonna hurt
so bad in the morning.
I'm glad you called me.
You did the right thing.
It was Payson's idea.
It was a good one.
We'll drop you off
first, Payson.
[slow rock music]
- [indistinct shouting]
- [laughing]
[man] Hey Maggie,
we'll see ya!
Whoa! Yeah!
[Lauren] Hey.
What are you doing here?
I could ask you the same.
Do you mind if I sit down?
So, you look like you
just lost your best friend.
I guess you could say that.
Yeah, I know the feeling.
Kaylie and I used
to be best friends.
Who's fault is that?
Mine.
I guess.
But Kaylie wasn't there for me,
when the new girl showed up.
She was just all about herself.
Sounds like Kaylie.
Yeah, well...
You know rich girls.
Aren't you rich?
Yeah, but I'm not spoiled.
OK. Maybe a little bit.
[chuckles] OK.
But, I don't blow off the
people I love when something
better comes along.
- It's always about her.
- That's Kaylie.
She's always got to have
everybody chasing after her.
Screw her. Why are we
even talking about her?
Why are we even
talking at all?
So, that guy glaring at me when
I drove you away from the party.
Is he your boyfriend?
We're not allowed
to have boyfriends.
You're not allowed
to go to keggers either.
But, you don't strike me
as a girl who's afraid
to break the rules.
Well, sometimes you have
To survive.
What?
You're not like
most girls your age.
It that a good thing
or a bad thing?
Neither. It's just...
You're interesting.
Well...
I'm walking you
to the door this time.
No argument.
What about her?
Trust me. She won't miss us.
See? That wasn't so horrible.
Thanks for the ride.
My pleasure. Again.
Oh! I'm sorry.
I didn't realize
anyone was out here.
I was just on my way out
to get the paper.
It's not morning yet,
and we don't get the paper.
Oh, right.
[laughing]
I'm Emily's mom.
We haven't officially met but...
But since you've brought
my daughter home twice...
It's nice to meet you,
Mrs. Kmetko.
Oh please. Call me Chloe.
Would you like to come in
for a cup of tea?
No! He can't.
Kaylie's in the car.
Well, I don't see Kaylie.
She's lying down.
Oh! Well, then you should get
her home and get her to bed.
- I will Mrs...
- Ah! Ah! Ah!
- Chloe.
- Yes.
Good night, Emily.
Good night.
Hmm!
You know,
if you don't marry him I will.
He's young enough
to be your son.
He is not!
Oh, honey. I was just kidding.
Aw... Honey!
[* Brett Dennen:
Follow Your Heart]
[Kaylie] If Dad
finds out about tonight...
...I'm dead.
- He won't.
- What about my car?
We'll get it tomorrow
before he notices it's gone.
You're the best brother
in the world.
And I don't deserve you
or Carter.
You'll feel better
in the morning.
No, I won't.
Because...
Carter came...
...and we had...
...we had a big fight.
What am I going to do?
Tell him you're sorry.
In the morning you'll
kiss and make-up and...
Are you sure?
The guy is crazy about you.
I'm sure.
Everything will be back
to the way it was tomorrow.
Now go to sleep.
* I've been a poor man
* I've been a rich man
* I made a fortune
And I paid the cost *
* I've had some good friends
* They come and go
* Follow your heart
Follow your heart *
[clears throat]
So...
You OK?
Yeah, I'm fine. Of course.
Do you need a ride home?
I have my car.
Cause...
We have practice
in the morning.
Tom... Tomorrow's Sunday, but...
I get it if you have to go.
I'm cool. I'm cool.
You sure?
Yeah. I'm fine.
OK.
* I've been cheated
* I've been defeated
* I played the game
And I've been double crossed *
* Every friend of mine
[door closes]
* Has been in hard times
[cell phone ringing]
[ringing continues]
* And you won't get lost
* Follow your heart
Follow your heart *
* And you won't get lost